From selecting what benefit plans are best suited for you to accessing your benefit services, the process can feel somewhat overwhelming. At World Wide Technology, we take pride in being your resource every step of the way by providing you the assistance and support you need. Below you will find answers to commonly asked questions about enrollment and accessing your benefit services.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
How many days do I have to enroll in my benefits as a new hire?
Eligible employees have 31 days from date of hire to enroll in benefits within Vantage. If you are outside of your 31 days, then you must wait until Open Enrollment or have a qualifying life event and be within 31days of that event (Birth of a child, adoption, marriage, or loss of external coverage) to make changes.
How many days do I have to change my coverage due to a life event? Can I add my new spouse (from marriage) or new baby (birth of a child) to my health insurance?
Employees have 31 days from the date of the event to report and provide documentation of these types of life events that qualify for mid-year benefit changes. To submit a Life Event, go to United> Applications Menu> Vantage> Benefits> Report a Qualifying Change.
When do my benefits go into effect as a new hire or after a life event?
Most benefits go into effect the first of the following month after your hire date or the qualified life event. Benefits for birth of children, adoption and loss of external coverage go into effect the same or next day of the event. For additional information on Qualifying Life Events, please view the Qualifying Life Event Options on the WWT Benefits Website.
How do I enroll?
The benefit enrollment system is conveniently located in Vantage. Go to UNITED (wwt.com)> App Menu> VANTAGE> Benefits > Click Enroll or use the Mobile App. You will be prompted to verify your personal information, add dependents, and enroll in coverages. Click the Submit button to proceed and review your final coverage selections. Once elections are confirmed, save a copy of your confirmation statement to keep for your records.
Who do I contact if I am not able to enroll in benefits as a full-time employee upon hire?
Please submit a ticket to AskHR and a member of our team will contact you.
When is Open Enrollment?
Eligible employees can make changes to benefits during our annual Open Enrollment. This enrollment period generally occurs each Fall (Early November) for coverage beginning the 1st of the following year. Changes outside of this time frame require a qualified life event and must be submitted within 31 days of that event (Birth of a child, adoption, marriage, or loss of external coverage). For more information on WWT Benefit Programs and Offerings, including Summary Plan Descriptions, check out the WWT Benefits Website: www.wwt.com/us-benefits.
Is there an overview of all benefits as a new hire or current employee?
We offer multiple ways to receive benefit overview information:
• For new hires, employees will receive a course in WWT You called “WWT Benefits Resource Guide” that must be completed within 31 days of hire. There is also a brief overview of benefits during Orientation.
• For current employees, our Benefits Guide and Benefits Brochures are available on the WWT Benefits Website. A video is also available on the website.
How does our Health Plan compare to other employers?
We regularly evaluate our Health Plan against other employers, in and out of the Technology industry, to ensure we offer a competitive plan with cost shares that do not cause extreme financial burden to our employees and their family members. WWT plan copays, deductibles & coinsurance are lower than that of our competitors in the Technology industry. Our actuarial value (richness of our health plan) for the WWT Health Plan is 95% in the Platinum Plan & 93% in the Gold Plan as compared to 90% across other companies in the Technology industry. This means for every $100 in health care expenses, WWT pays $95 or $93, depending on your plan!
*Data collected from Willis Towers Watson annual Financial Benchmark Survey. When evaluating “ALL” Companies and not just Technology industry, our competitiveness is more favorable.
